{
  "title": "Aftermath of the ICPR paper",
  "date": "2013-12-21",
  "categories": [
    "daily"
  ],
  "tags": [
	 "paper",
	 "dates"
  ]
}


Scratch that, it is a good exercise to actually think about titles instead of
using the date for it!
The category alone (daily) should be useful enough for sorting!
Should I get back into the habit of writing 750 words?
Have I done some sports today?
As we can see in the calendar, I haven't written any journal posts in the past
week, both to being busy(actually working on the paper) and doing some other
stuff.

Anyway, today was the first day in quite a while I've worked a lot, so I'm happy
with myself!
Hopefully, my package has arrived at home, so I can play around with it.
Other than that, I can say that I really look forward to having 1-2 weeks off,
completely, as my batteries really started to run looooow.
Note to self: vim still needs something like a functioning word count, although
i could of course pipe it into wc -w, I guess?
Hmm... There is a specific command to create the journal files, I could also
mark them automatically with a specific file ending (which is kinda ugly)
Or just set a buffer? variable when creating / opening the corresponding post to
do the line counting.
Of course, the easiest solution would be a vim plugin to do everything for me!

That said, does wakati.me actually still run?
At least ycm didn't crash, but it did have some weird issues which got me to
restart it.

Sidenote: I guess the week of writing words in here really helped me, this time
writing the paper went much easier than before - I was also strangely motivated.
Though perhaps I was just motivated to finally finish it? ...


So what about the paper?
Well, as I've worked on it far too late, my supervisor didn't get to read it -
so we'll wait for the next conferences.
Actually, I have to check the submission beginnings, not only the deadlines...Or
did I check them already?
Well, which conferences did he mention again?
Of course, the big one: ECCV, where the submission deadline is in march.
That one is the big fish - but the paper would need to still get quite a
facelift, it's not nearly good enough for that.
On the other hand, apparently it got better over the past couple hours, which is
strangely uplifting. (PS: wrist hurts from playing foosball solo)
(PPS: don't forget catching the tram, it's getting late)

The other 2 conferences: A british one called BMVC, where the submissions start
in may and (ex) dagm, now called gcpr, where the deadline is also in may.
Notifications about acceptance would be in july, for both.
Deadline for ECCV: march, which is surprisingly early (for me).
Well, I guess we're trying to get to one of these conferences...
Anyway, time to log off, have to catch a tram.

Note: Pain in chest.

Todo:

{{#todo_block}}
- [] Map the todo block to a key, I'm too lazy to type it
- [] Go over my paper again, I used some awesome words!
- [] Write up some matplotlib tricks, because I'm going to forget them again...,
  perhaps link Gist? - Actually, that's an awesome idea!
- [] Do a bit of sports!
- [] Find a way to make categories clickable, so that it only shows all entries
  sorted by date belonging to a specific category
{{/todo_block}}

#References:

- [GCPR 2014](http://cvpr.uni-muenster.de/GCPR2014/)
- [BMVC 2014](http://bmvc2014.cs.nott.ac.uk/)
- [ECCV 2014](http://eccv2014.org/)
